The foundation API service is available inside the cluster at:

  http://{{ include "infra-intelligence.fullname" . }}.{{ .Release.Namespace }}.svc:{{ .Values.service.port }}

The API fails closed unless its configured authentication mode has valid protected configuration.
Chart values are closed by values.schema.json; validate the exact protected values file
with both helm lint and helm template before applying it.
Set image.digest to the verified release OCI index digest for production. When present,
it takes precedence over image.tag for every application and migration workload.
Optional ingress requires an existing TLS Secret, explicit controller class, redirect
annotation, NetworkPolicy, and exact controller namespace/pod selectors.
Optional scheduled logical backups require an existing protected PVC, the database
Secret, and database-only NetworkPolicy egress. A backup is not accepted until its
checksum is written, but off-cluster durability, encryption, retention, and restore
authorization remain the storage operator's responsibility.
Optional operational alerts require the PrometheusRule API, a pre-created target
namespace, matching customer Prometheus rule selectors, and separately configured
notification routing. Run the live deployment preflight before installing them.
For a fresh PostgreSQL-backed install, provide database.existingSecret and explicitly
set database.migrations.enabled=true. The pre-install/pre-upgrade migration hook
must succeed before serving workloads roll out; API readiness never applies migrations.
For durable background investigations and non-replaying action timers, set
worker.enabled=true, database.existingSecret, and at least one exact
worker.tenants entry. The workflow worker has no wildcard tenant mode.
Its worker.healthPort is pod-private and used only for process liveness and
PostgreSQL/schema readiness; no Service exposes it.
Production rollout still requires customer-specific identity, policy, credential-broker,
network-policy, telemetry, storage recovery, and SLO validation.
